[Music]
ten ways to stay safe when connecting to
free Wi-Fi free Wi-Fi is awesome no
doubts here however public networks hide
numerous hazards including even the risk
of losing all the funds in your bank
account hmm we've collected the most
crucial tips to ensure you never become
a victim of web fraud when using public
Wi-Fi access watch the video till the
very end to learn how to find safe free
Wi-Fi and keep your personal information
secure counting down number 10
don't use internet banking or type in
your bank card information
[Music]
the only foolproof way to protect
yourself from data theft is to use
mobile traffic to make online purchases
or internet banking a few paid megabytes
are a reasonable price for your account
safety right don't be that Pennywise and
pound-foolish person
number nine turn off Wi-Fi if you don't
use the Internet by turning off Wi-Fi
you resolve three issues at once rapid
discharge of your battery automatic
connection to a fraudulent Network and
annoying add emails for additional
protection against the latter add an
extension called do not track me to your
browser it won't let the device track
your movements well it's better to be
safe than sorry
[Music]
number eight connect using VPN VPN or
virtual private network allows you to
stay anonymous while online website you
enter will see the virtual network IP
not yours such networks though are
mostly paid and they slow down your
connection however the price is usually
not that high and most VPN providers
still have free services to number seven
don't let your device remember the
network
most devices will automatically remember
and connect to the hotspot they used at
least once before frauds could create
their own access point with the same
name and thus get access to your profile
data or even with certain artifice to
your finances 6 pay attention to the
name of the network hackers often use
networks with names similar to ones
already in the vicinity the only
difference is that an authentic hotspot
requires payment or authorization
password while a fake one
is free to use so before connecting to a
free network ask its owner for its name
first
[Music]
number five install a good anti-virus
software always used the latest
antivirus versions there are new ways of
hacking appearing almost every day and
your antivirus should stay up to date
besides antivirus software warns you of
possible fake hotspot connections number
4 choose networks with two-stage
authentication a network that doesn't
require any additional actions to
connect is possibly a fraudulent one to
stay on the safe side
choose a hotspot that requires you to
enter a code sent as a text message to
your phone this will protect you from
criminals duplicating the names of free
networks number 3 keep your passwords
encrypted despite it being seemingly
obvious that you shouldn't write down
your passwords on your device many do
just that such carelessness makes it
much easier for criminals to get access
to your data if you'd still like to
store passwords on your media device at
least use a password manager that
encrypts information in it
[Music]
number two check the website's URL fake
networks might also redirect you to
popular websites except those that are
really only connecting your personal
data if you see any weird characters in
a familiar websites URL it most likely
means that this website is not authentic
google.com and Google com aren't the
same thing make sure to use a reliable
and secure browser because a good
browser will detect such differences and
warn you and number 1 use a safe
connection a safe connection is simply
to identify the URL starts with HTTPS
instead of the usual HTTP some websites
like Google always use a secure
connection to transfer data if you want
all web sites to be secure think of
installing the HTTPS Everywhere
extension compatible with all popular
browsers don't forget to share this
video with your friends and family they
might find it very helpful hit the like
button below the video and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life
[Music]
you